From v1.25.4 ESBMC has been autoconfiscated -- build configuration is performed
by a configure script in the root project directory and a set of Makefile.in's.
These files are generated thorugh the use of autotools and all it's minions.
Two scripts exist to operate autotools:

    scripts/autoboot.sh bootstraps relevant autotool config files and
        synthesizes the configure script and Makefile.in's, as necessary
    scripts/autopurge.sh deletes all the config and synthesized files

You only need to run these scripts if you've received a distribution without
the configure script or Makefile.in's.

Note that to ease binary identification, the current git hash and details about
the host machine are compiled into ESBMC, including hostname and username. If
you don't wish this to happen, delete the relevant calls in
scripts/buildidobj.sh

~

When in posession of a configure script, first decide where you want to put the
build tree (possibly not in the source directory), and navigate to that
directory. Then run the configure script from the source directory. It will
detect required libraries, solvers, and create a set of makefiles to with which
to build ESBMC. Run "make" in the build tree to compile everything, resulting
in an 'esbmc' binary in the 'esbmc' directory.

Binary releases are produced by the scripts/release.sh script, with the caveat
that it'll build it from the latest git version, not your potentially-dirty
working copy.

Errata:
 - clang++ will be selected over g++ if both are available, however on older
   operating system distributions clang++ may not support
   everything ESBMC needs to build. You can override which compiler is selected
   by appending "CXX=g++" or similar to the configure command line
 - On Mac OS if you need to use libc++ rather than libstdc++, you must specify
   "-stdlib=libc++" in CXXFLAGS (see below)
 - If you're using a steaming-new version of clang or gcc, you'll likely get a
   bunch of new warnings that are then turned into errors by -Werror. You can
   disable this behaviour with the --disable-werror switch to configure. You
   should take great care if developing code with werror turned off though.

~

Configuration comes in three broad strands:
 - Build flags for ESBMC object files
 - Platform libraries that will be linked into ESBMC
 - Solvers that ESBMC will use

ESBMC object files are affected by compiler flags given in CXXFLAGS. Common
options include optimisation levels, debug flags, and profiling options. To
specify these, append a variable assignment to the configuration command line,
for example:

  ../configure CXXFLAGS="-g -O0"

Other build variables like LDFLAGS, LIBS, CFLAGS etc can be specified in the
same way.

Most necessary platform libraries will be autodetected by the configure script.
The only abnormal things ESBMC requires are:
 * Compiler tools such as yacc and lex
 * Boost

Of these, the only that is likely to cause problems is boost. You may need to
point the configure script at it with the --with-boost=... option.

~

Solver configuration is a substantial problem: most are not part of operating
system distribution repositories (and those that are tend to be out of date).
This is unlikely to change, given licensing restrictions. Most binary
distributions tend to follow the usual hier(7)-style, but some have their own
eccentricities. Most problematic however is that, without operating system
packages, there is no standard location for them to be in.

The simplest way to get solvers working is this:
 * Create a directory to put SMT solvers in, say $HOME/sat
 * Configure the SATDIR{,64} environmental variable to point at that dir
 * Drop all desired solver into that dir. Each should be in a directory named
   after the solver (i.e. 'z3' for Z3, for a list examine the contents of the
   'solvers' directory in the ESBMC source tree). Each solver dir should contain
   a hier(7) like structure.

ESBMCs configure script will examine SATDIR{,64} and HOME for supported solvers
and print a summary once configuration has completed. If none are found, or
an undesired version is found, you can specify exactly where a particular solver
is installed with the "--with-solver=..." option, for example

  ../configure --with-z3=$HOME/z3

You can also disable support for a particular solver with the
"--disable-$solver" option.

If you get a build error when compiling in support for a solver, chances are
that something is broken (or slightly different) in the latest release of that
solver, and an older version may work. Failing that, you should get in contact
with the ESBMC maintainers.
